add-drop-ubuntu-python support v22.12 and v23.02 (#310)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rsn0022.md

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS Support Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rsn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 22 # should match notice number
notice_pin: true # set to true to pin to notice page
title: "Deprecation announcement for Python v3.9 in v21.12"
notice_author: RAPIDS TPM
notice_status: In Progress
notice_status_color: yellow
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Platform Support Change
notice_rapids_version: "v22.12+"
notice_created: 2022-11-21
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2022-11-21
---

## Overview

> Python 3.9 will be deprecated in our upcoming release of v21.12 scheduled for December 2021. After the v21.12 release, users should expect that support for Python 3.9 may be dropped at any point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 3.9 will be deprecated in our upcoming release of v22.12 scheduled for December 2022. After the v22.12 release, users should expect that support for Python 3.9 may be dropped at any point.

```

Reviewer: @aravenel Proposed wording update above. Feel free to edit!

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS Support Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rsn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 22 # should match notice number
notice_pin: true # set to true to pin to notice page

> title: "Deprecation announcement for Python v3.9 in v21.12"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Deprecation announcement for Python v3.9 in v22.12"

```

> title: "Deprecation announcement for Python v3.9 in v21.12"

Reviewer: @caryr35 Looks like the previous suggestion was resolved but not applied.
```suggestion
title: "Deprecation announcement for Python v3.9 in v22.12"
```

notice_author: RAPIDS TPM
notice_status: In Progress
notice_status_color: yellow
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Platform Support Change
notice_rapids_version: "v22.12+"
notice_created: 2022-11-21
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2022-11-21
---

## Overview

Python 3.9 will be deprecated in our upcoming release of v22.12 scheduled for December 2022. After the v22.12 release, users should expect that support for Python 3.9 may be dropped at any point.

## Impact

> Users should plan to move to Python 3.10 as soon as possible. Future support of additional Python 3.11 version is being worked on for upcoming releases. Further details will be shared in RSN notices as they become available.

Reviewer: @aravenel I wondered the same. Would it be less confusing if we combine the two RSNs into one rather than cross-linking each to the other? A single RSN for “Drop Python 3.9, Add Python 3.10” and a single RSN for “Drop Ubuntu 18.04, Add Ubuntu 22.04.”

> Users should plan to move to Python 3.10 as soon as possible. Future support of additional Python 3.11 version is being worked on for upcoming releases. Further details will be shared in RSN notices as they become available.

Reviewer 2: I agree in this case. Historically we have separated them as they haven't always been so tightly coupled, but feels like we tying ourselves in knots here for no reason. @caryr35 what do you think?

> Users should plan to move to Python 3.10 as soon as possible. Future support of additional Python 3.11 version is being worked on for upcoming releases. Further details will be shared in RSN notices as they become available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users should plan to move to a supported Python version as soon as possible. Support for Python 3.8 is being maintained, and support for Python 3.10 is being targeted for RAPIDS 23.02 (see [RSN 23](/notices/rsn0023)).

```
